What to do? Is it possible? Gao Yun and Jiang Ming are not possible?
Now come and serve me. I don’t like this.
Tell you to leave the Jiang family truthfully
Otherwise, you are the only one who can count
I have good food and drink here, why should I leave?
Don't be shameless
Do you think Jiang Ming really likes you?
For people like you, the most he can do is play with you
It’s not yet certain who will play who.
How come Gao Yun is not successful? Now he is changed to Kong He.
So what
One look at you and you'll know that Kong He didn't come over.
It took just a few years to crush me
I don’t have any skills at all.
I tell you
My university is from Youdao Society
With a small body like yours
I can throw it with one hand
Believe it or not, didn’t I see it?
This is called intimidation
Come to me again when you learn how to do it
So angry